Add requests parameters for communication with Girder (#376)
girder/girder_worker: docs/using-from-girder.rst

    def process_file(file):
        return my_task.delay(input_file=GirderFileId(file['_id'])).job

Customizing communication back to Girder server
-----------------------------------------------

Girder Worker is bound to communicate with a Girder instance to update the information about running jobs or download files from the assetstore.  

> In complex platforms, you might want to customize the HTTP communication back to the Girder server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In some scenarios, you might want to customize the HTTP communication back to the Girder server.
```
